---
title: Insert title here
key: e2eaa8253f6beb165d878ed1a596c863

---
## Fitting a line to a binary response

```yaml
type: "TitleSlide"
key: "d8fd5a3b62"
```

`@lower_third`

name: Joseph Ambrose Pagaran
title: Instructor, DataCamp


`@script`
When analysing a continuous response variable such as as a person’s weight or annual income, we would normally use a simple linear regression model to explore possible relationships with other explanatory variables. But what if the response variable is binary or categorical such as win or loss, pass or fail, survival or death. In this video, we go ahead in the usual manner of fitting a line to a binary response variable, see what could go wrong, and fix it using a logit function of logistic regression.


---
## Kinds of discrete output variable

```yaml
type: "FullSlide"
key: "89a8dfbd72"
```

`@part1`
Output variable is usually continuous.

But what if it is discrete?

* **binary output**: _e.g._ yes/no, success/failure, survival/death, admission/rejection; gender 

* ordinal output (ordered): _e.g._ low, medium, high intensity; freshman, sophomore, junior and senior years; 

* nominal output (without order): _e.g._ brown, green, blue eye colors;  marital status


`@script`
Often the response or output variable is not a numerical value or continuous variable. Instead, it is discrete, for example, **binary output**, a designation of one of two possible outcomes; and more than two possible outcomes, depending on whether there is some order, **ordinal output**, and without order,** nominal output**. As our case can easily be extended to more than two possible outcomes, we focus only on binary output.


---
## Let's practice with Space Shuttle Challenger binary data!

```yaml
type: "FinalSlide"
key: "2b73ad4264"
```

`@script`


